# Front end Engineer Challenge

## 1. About you

*Tell us about one of your commercial projects with Vue.js or AngularJS.*

Currently, I work on a new version of an online casino built with AngularJS. The existing version is hard to maintain, and it is impossible to implement new features that crucial for business.

## 2. General

##### 2.1. What kind of front end projects do you enjoy working on? Why?

I enjoy working on projects that bring value to a customer and serve business needs. Also, where feedback is valued, and employees are encouraged to spot opportunities and take action.

##### 2.2. Which are your favorite features of HTML5? How have you used them before?

My favorite features are new types of inputs. They help in creating better user experience with minimal effort.

##### 2.3. Explain the difference between creating a DOM element setting `innerHTML` and using `createElement`.

1. `innerHTML` has safety issues as setting HTML from code is risky because it’s easy to inadvertently expose your users to a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack.

2.  When we use `innerHTML`, we do not get a link/reference to the actual element that is seen on the page. `createElement` saves the pointer to the DOM element.

3. `createElement` can get the event handler function, but the new DOM generated by `innerHTML` can't get the event handler function originally set.

##### 2.4. Compare two-way data binding vs one-way data flow.

One-way data binding means the model is the only source. Changes in UI signal the modal to update state.
Two-way data binding means that UI fields are bound to model data. So when a form field changes, the model data changes with it and vice-versa.

##### 2.5. Why is asynchronous programming important in JavaScript?

Asynchronous programming allows multiple actions to happen at the same time. It is important to not block UI while a user waits something to happen.

## 3. Styling

[Question 3](https://github.com/khannanova/reedsy-coding-challenge/tree/main/q3)


## 4. SPA

[Question 4](https://github.com/khannanova/reedsy-coding-challenge/tree/main/q4)